0.  TODO
    JPEG supports a max of 16 million colors. GIF supports a max of 256 colors. BMP supports a max of 4 billion colors. PNG supports a max of 256 tetracolors.
    
1.  TODO
    GIF supports animation.

2.  TODO
    Lossless compression images produces images that are small in size but do not loose details in the image and hence preserve all the information present in the image.
    Lossy compression images are even smaller in size and loose some information present in the image.

3.  TODO
    JPEG images are an example of lossy compression images.

4.  TODO
    When a file is deleted in a FAT system, the metadata indicating the adress of the memory block is removed and the actual file continues to live on the disk. This can be recovered.

5.  TODO
    Overwrite deleted data with other data and cleaning up free space.

6.  TODO
    It is a header file that containes integer types of specific widths. (width of an integer is the number of bits it takes up in its binary representation)
    
7.  TODO
    intN_t denotes a signed integer of width N bits.
    uintN_t denotes an unsigned integer of width N bits.
    
8.  TODO
    A BYTE has 8 bits, a DWORD has 32 bits, LONG is 32 bits, WORD is 16 bit.
    
9.  TODO
    BM
    
10. TODO
    bfsize represents the size of the bitmap file
    bisize represents the size of the struct BITMAPINFOHEADER in bytes.
    
11. TODO
    if biHeight is negative, it implies that the device idependent bitmap is a non inverted image with origin at the lower left corner.
    
12. TODO
    biBitCount

13. TODO
    write function isn't possible because of disk space, authorization, etc.
    
14. TODO
    the third argument reads nmemb or the number of elements of size "size". Since only 1 element is being read that is the bmp file, hence 1 is used everywhere.
    
15. TODO
    (4 - 9 % 4) % 4
    = 3

16. TODO
    fseek helps to relocate the file pointer in the file.
    
17. TODO
    can be used with other functions to seek the current file pointer.
    
18. TODO
    Milo Banana dun it.
